# Cloud Cat

## What is CloudCat?

CloudCat is a remix of the iconic chrome dinosaur game, which chrome shows when you are offline.  
However CloudCat instead is a game where you play as a cat strolling along.  
Some devious **rainclouds** are trying to rain on your parade, and you must use your umbrella to protect yourself to
keep your fur dry!

## Why did I make it?

I made this game to have some fun, and to learn Rust! It is my first ever rust project (that I started), so don't expect it to be
perfect.  
It's made using Macroquad, a game library for Rust, and is heavily inspired by the original chrome dinosaur game.

## How do I play?

You can download the [latest release](https://github.com/Spacexplorer11/CloudCat/releases/latest) for your OS or [play it in your browser](https://cloudcat.online)!
Press `Space` or click/tap the screen to activate the umbrella, and that's all you need to do!  
Your highscore is automatically saved/loaded.  
>[!CAUTION]
> Your highscore is only saved when your game is over and you've reached the game over screen
> **NOT** when quitting at any point.

>[!Tip]
> Please provide feedback through this [simple survey](https://tally.so/r/2EXNLe) or by making an [issue](https://github.com/Spacexplorer11/CloudCat/issues/new?template=feature_request.yml)!
> Your feedback will help shape the game and improve it!

## How to run locally (dev version)
**You must be in the correct directory (root of the project) to run these commands**
### Rust Version
Run `cargo run`

### WASM Version (Web)
_You must delete the web (if it exists) directory before running this_  
**You will also need python for the http server, if you can't get it, you can create one yourself using a different method**  
**This will only work on bash or zsh, it may not work on Windows**  
Run 
```bash
cargo build --target wasm32-unknown-unknown --release
mkdir -p web
cp target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cloudcat.wasm web/
cp index.html gl.js quad-storage.js sapp_jsutils.js web/
cp -r assets web/
cp -r favicons web/
cd web
python3 -m http.server 3000
```  
Then go to http://localhost:3000 in your browser

## AI transparency
- **Minimal (5-10%)** AI was used in the actual gameplay and screens.
- **NO (0%)** AI was used in the game assets (cat, cloud, umbrella), I'm very proud of myself to have hand-drawn and hand-animated them! :) _Except the floor_
- **Very Heavy (90%)** AI was used to allow me to deploy this game to the web since idk a thing abt that or WebGL.
- **Full (100%)** AI is used in Release Notes since those are auto-generated by Gemini
  
  ---
  
Overall, I'm proud to say that in the actual gameplay, concept and art, very little AI was used!
